Week Two:
Reflection
-	Cleaning and transforming the work this week was very satisfying. The exercises were rewarding because you got to take this huge digital record and whittle it down into something more manageable. It is a fine line though between cleaning something up and making unnecessary or inaccurate alterations. When going through and merging similar names in the Sender and Recipient columns on Open Refine, I could see how often it would show two names that were similar, but clearly two different people. It is a small thing, but if you’re not paying close attention, you could end up merging two names that are meant to be two completely different people. 
-	The value of showing your work is that it reminds people how no one really has the final say on anything when it comes to history. Showing one’s work opens discussions and encourages people to constantly reassess and look at things from different perspectives. Everything a historian studies has so many layers to it, so it’s important to be open to the interpretations of others. I thought the article on soft history from James Baker was interesting because at the end, he mentions being called out for suppressing the digital and playing into old prejudices during a Q&A by a student. By showing his work, Baker gained insight that pushed him to be a better digital historian. 
-	This week I managed to get caught up in terms of exploring the APIs and OCR. I hit a little issue, but managed to sort it out quickly with help in Discord. Overall, I was glad that I focused on Wget last week and attempted the other exercises this week because it gave me some time to take a breath and really read through the instructions. They ended up going smoothly and I found the OCR exercise to be particularly interesting. Pulling text from a primary source document was way more thrilling to me than I thought it would be. 
-	The REGEX and Open Refine exercises also went well. They took a little while because I really wanted to read through everything and understand what was happening. The search and replace option in sublime text was very useful, and overall, I enjoyed the tools and being able to efficiently clean up the primary source. 
